add tutorial for workload-rebalancer (#612)
karmada-io/website: docs/tutorials/workload-rebalancer.md

you can achieve it by Workload Rebalancer.

So, this section will guide you to cover how to use Workload Rebalancer to trigger a rescheduling.

## Prerequisites

### Karmada with multi cluster has been installed

Run the command:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada
cd karmada
hack/local-up-karmada.sh
export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/karmada.config:~/.kube/members.config
```

> **Note:**
>
> Before guide started, we should install at least three kubernetes clusters, one is for Karmada control plane, the other two for member clusters.
> For convenience, we use [hack/local-up-karmada.sh](https://karmada.io/docs/installation/#install-karmada-for-development-environment) script to quickly prepare the above clusters.
>
> After the above command executed, you will see Karmada control plane installed with multi member clusters.

## Tutorial

### Step 1: create a Deployment

First prepare a Deployment named `demo-deploy-1`, you can create a new file `deployment.yaml` and content with the following:

<details>
<summary>deployment.yaml</summary>

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:

>   name: demo-deploy-1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: foo
```
or 
```suggestion
   name: foo-dep
```

    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
        - member2
    replicaScheduling:
      replicaDivisionPreference: Weighted
      replicaSchedulingType: Divided
      weightPreference:
        dynamicWeight: AvailableReplicas
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      name: demo-deploy-1
      namespace: default
```

</details>

Then run the following command to create those resources:

```bash
kubectl --context karmada-apiserver apply -f deployment.yaml
```

And you can check whether this step succeed like this:

```bash
$ kubectl --context karmada-apiserver get deploy demo-deploy-1
NAME            READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
demo-deploy-1   3/3     3            3           3m18s

$ kubectl --context member1 get po                                          
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-dv6xw   1/1     Running   0          3m18s
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-fgjn7   1/1     Running   0          3m18s

$ kubectl --context member2 get po                                          
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE

> demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-856rf   1/1     Running   0          3m18s

Reviewer: Please use the command `karmadactl get deployments xxx`

```bash
$ karmadactl --karmada-context=karmada-apiserver taint clusters member1 workload-rebalancer-test:NoExecute
cluster/member1 tainted
```

Then, reschedule will be triggered for the reason of cluster failover, and all replicas will be propagated to member2 cluster,
you can see:

```bash
$ kubectl --context member1 get po
No resources found in default namespace.

$ kubectl --context member2 get po  
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-856rf   1/1     Running   0          5m27s
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-b5977   1/1     Running   0          35s
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-pqthv   1/1     Running   0          35s
```

* Run the following command to remove the above `NoExecute` taint from member1 cluster:

```bash
$ karmadactl --karmada-context=karmada-apiserver taint clusters member1 workload-rebalancer-test:NoExecute-
cluster/member1 untainted
```

Removing the taint will not lead to replicas propagation changed for the reason of scheduling result inert,
all replicas will keep in member2 cluster unchanged.

### Step 3. apply a WorkloadRebalancer to trigger rescheduling.

> Assuming you want to trigger the rescheduling of above resources, you can create a new file `workload-rebalancer.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to trigger the rescheduling of the above resources, you can create a new file `workload-rebalancer.yaml`
```

```bash
$ kubectl --context karmada-apiserver get workloadrebalancer demo -o yaml
apiVersion: apps.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: WorkloadRebalancer
metadata:
  ...
  creationTimestamp: "2024-05-22T11:16:10Z"
  name: demo
  ...
spec:
  ...
status:
  finishTime: "2024-05-22T11:16:10Z"
  observedGeneration: 1
  observedWorkloads:
    - result: Successful
      workload:
        apiVersion: apps/v1
        kind: Deployment
        name: demo-deploy-1
        namespace: default
```

Thus, you can observe the rescheduling result at `status.observedWorkloads` field of `workloadrebalancer/demo`.
As you can see, `Deployment/demo-deploy-1` rescheduled successfully.

### Step 5: Observe the real effect of WorkloadRebalancer

You can observe the real replicas propagation status of `Deployment/demo-deploy-1`:

```bash
$ kubectl --context member1 get po                                          
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-82kt6   1/1     Running   0          89s
demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-k9fhl   1/1     Running   0          89s

$ kubectl --context member2 get po
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE

> demo-deploy-1-784cd456bf-856rf   1/1     Running   0          9m23s

Reviewer: ditto. use `karmadactl` for better UX.

```

As you see, rescheduling happened and 2 replicas migrated back to member1 cluster while 1 replica in member2 cluster keep unchanged.

Besides, you can observe a schedule event emitted by `default-scheduler`, such as:

```bash
$ kubectl --context karmada-apiserver describe deployment demo-deploy-1
...
Events:
  Type    Reason                  Age                From                                Message
  ----    ------                  ----               ----                                -------
  ...
  Normal  ScheduleBindingSucceed  31s                default-scheduler                   Binding has been scheduled successfully. Result: {member2:2, member1:1}

>   Normal  GetDependenciesSucceed  31s                dependencies-distributor            Get dependencies([]) succeed.

Reviewer: @XiShanYongYe-Chang Please help to check why the `dependencies-distributor` would emit the event, note that the ResourceBinding's `PropagateDeps` is disabled.

Author: updated
